update documentation and smooth developer experience (#341)
conda-incubator/conda-store-ui: src/docs/markdown/CONFIGURATION.md

Hide the login icon in the top menubar.

> ## Docker-compose configuration
> By default, docker-compose uses the latest release of conda-store-server, but there could be cases where a devloper wishes to test against a different versions, such as a release candidate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker-compose configuration

By default, `docker-compose` uses the latest release of conda-store-server. Still, there could be cases where a contributor might want to test against a different version, such as a release candidate.
```
